Fix documentation links (#154)
2i2c-org/docs: about/service/team.md

Cloud Engineering Team
Engineering Team
  A team of engineers with expertise in cloud infrastructure and open source tools that we use as part of our services. This group of people oversees the cloud infrastructure that a community uses. They perform new development and upgrades, make changes per the request of {term}`Community Representatives`, and coordinate with the {term}`Community Support Team` during incidents and outages.

>   This is roughly equivalent to a {term}`tc:Cloud Engineering Team`.

Author: ```suggestion
  This is roughly equivalent to a [Site Reliability Engineering Team](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Site_reliability_engineering).
```
